[Music]
follow these ten simple habits and you
won't recognize your skin we all want
beautiful healthy-looking skin so we try
different creams scrubs and masks but
all to no avail are we completely out of
options and hope of course not
give these ten simple habits a shot and
in no time at all you'll see a big
change in your skin for the better but
before we get into that don't forget to
subscribe to our Channel and turn on
post notifications so that you'll always
be the first to see all our new videos
number 10 clean your phone screen with
special antibacterial wipes are you
constantly breaking out and rash or
pimples on your cheeks did these new
skin issues seem to come out of nowhere
guess what your phone screen is probably
to blame studies have proven that your
smartphone screen can easily be covered
in ten times more bacteria than a toilet
seat gross and that's exactly how they
end up on your face causing all kinds of
nasty skin problems but don't worry all
you have to do is make it a habit to
disinfect your phone screen with special
antibacterial wipes that are safe for
electronics wipe all that bacteria away
and your cheeks will be clean and clear
number 9 wash your makeup brushes
regularly your makeup brushes also
collect tons of bacteria and that's
another possible culprit of your acne if
you want to have flawless skin don't be
lazy and make an effort to take care of
your brushes by washing them regularly
just like with your phone you can simply
use antibacterial wipes before each use
and for a deeper clean use a gentle
cleanser like baby shampoo or face wash
make it a weekly ritual like every
Sunday morning after breakfast you won't
believe how happy your skin will be
number 8 eat the right foods we all know
that sweet stuff and junk food are no
good for our skin so every time you eat
something with a lot of grease or sugar
you should be ready to welcome a brand
new pimple the next day a person's diet
is usually the main reason for skin
problems which is why changing what you
eat is pretty
inevitable do it gradually though find
out what healthy products and dishes you
like and slowly add them to your daily
meals don't get too crazy extreme food
limitations are no good either they can
lead to dry wrinkly and tired looking
skin just make sure that your new diet
contains foods with a lot of nutrients
and minerals and you'll be just fine
number seven be careful with scrubs
scrubs really do make your skin
exceptionally smooth and radiant but if
you use them too frequently that can
also be your worst enemy causing
breakouts and rashes if you have dry
skin go for gentle facial cleansers
instead as for oily or acne-prone skin
you can use scrubs no more than once a
week people with other skin types can do
it twice a week but that's it it's also
better to use natural scrubs that you
can easily make at home yourself instead
of store-bought ones full of nasty
chemicals number six moisturize before
and after you swim in the pool when it's
hot outside most of us just want to
spend all day on the beach or in the
pool and while jumping into the pool is
tons of fun for you your skin isn't
having such a good time chlorinated pool
water wreaks havoc on your poor skin
drying it out taking away its elasticity
and making it look duller you obviously
don't want that so be sure to moisturize
your skin before you get in the pool
once you get out deep clean your skin
and reapply a moisturizer that'll
protect your skin from the harmful
effects of chlorine and remember always
use SPF any time you spend under the Sun
number five shower right after you work
out if you work out regularly well first
of all props to you for taking care of
your body and secondly don't forget to
shower immediately after your training
session true the showers of the gym
aren't the most comfortable place on the
earth but it's still better than dealing
with the consequences of being too lazy
to take a shower
you see excess sweat can encourage
bacteria to grow in your pores which
results in blackheads and bacne when you
shower right away you can stop this from
happening making sure your skin stays
fresh and clean definitely a good idea
number four listen to the signals your
body is sending acne rashes dry skin
bags and dark circles under your eyes
all the changes you see on your face and
body are your systems Way of telling you
that something's wrong everything starts
on the inside and what you see on your
face is just a consequence so listen to
your body and try to notice any changes
in your appearance and well-being
the best way to react is to see your
doctor they'll give you all the
information necessary on what to do when
you cut the problem at the root it
doesn't have a chance to break into
something bigger and more serious so be
attentive to yourself and your health
number three avoid overly hot showers
steaming hot baths and showers can
destroy the skin's protective layer of
lipids that help retain moisture in the
deeper layers of the dermis
that's why constantly washing yourself
in really hot water can result in
premature wrinkling and dryness of the
skin with this in mind try to shower in
lukewarm water and if you must have it
hot limit yourself to just ten to 20
minute baths again not overly hot just a
bit more than usual it'll open up your
pores making it easier to clean them
with your favorite product nice and easy
number two drink enough water
yeah I know the most overused phrase
when it comes to talking about health
and wellness but that's just because
it's absolutely true it's really
important to stay hydrated you might
think that it can't cause any dramatic
changes but just try it and you'll be
shocked at how much your skin will
improve if you barely drink water
throughout the day a great hack that'll
force you to do it is to keep your water
bottle on top of your phone at your desk
so whenever you feel the need to check
your messages or Facebook and that's
usually pretty often you'll be reminded
to take a drink you can also download a
special app on your phone that'll remind
you when it's time to hydrate just find
the method that works for you and go for
it
number one go to bed earlier sleeping is
like free cosmetic medicine for your
skin when you stay up all night watching
TV or playing video games you wake up
tired and your skin looks dull and dry
going to bed earlier on the other hand
can do miracles not only for those bags
under your eyes but for your skin as
well scientifically speaking when you
sleep less your body releases more of
the stress hormone cortisol and if
there's too much of it you can get all
kinds of inflammation
if you prolong your sleep you give
cortisol no chance to ruin your skin's
health seems reasonable right so get
some more shut-eye that way it will be
much easier for you to kickstart your
day every morning looking well-rested
and gorgeous do you have any tricks on
how to keep your skin clean and clear
tell us in the comments below don't
forget to share this video with your
friends maybe these tips will help them
get the beautiful skin of their dreams
to stay on the bright side of life and
we'll see you soon
[Music]